let's go to the Italian player
we remain in the field of defenders but here
I see that Renzi nods and smiles because
here we talk about something more than a
defender
this is a defense minister
right after roberto baggio and paolo
baldini
let's go with the player's clip
Italian that frank ladies and gentlemen
Bari
53 years one of the strongest defenders of the
world football
twenty years at milan 15 as captain six
badges 3 cups of champions two
intercontinental three European Super Cups
4 Italian supercups retired at 37
years in the national team was the first reserve
of scirea the world champion
very young of 82 then captain with
arrigo sacks from 91 remained of the
mind of all those tears
that bitterness but it had been great
because after knee surgery
he had returned 25 days later
frank baresi in their football fan
Italian and I would like to call a
president the president honorable member
today of the football association antonio matarrese
you like this defense minister
active good or bad is not bad good evening
to all, and then for a long time
joke there was a famous referee who
he said that not with baresi in the field
assistants were needed because
with his arms raised he always gave her
indications today we see less I helped
I helped them I am happy to receive
this award
this recognition we are honored by
return to be part of them
faith after bari Italian football not in
part
a necklace of samples they made
great Italian football so for me
it is an honor and he is satisfied with it
because he is happy he is happy to have lived
together the experience you cried
together you started first on the shoulder
of sacks then on the shoulder of matarrese
is the most interesting thing was
when the game is over, it remains
out of the locker room that we were
I was crying with those who arrived
maldini said president saleh not
come the locker room we don't finish of
cry after crying together
today we see why we remember
these great champions of a great man
and how many times we see players yes
refuse to take a penalty kick
a delicate moment because they hear the
weight and maybe they don't feel like it
betray the Franco-Bari comrades who
came from a serious injury was
returned in time only for the final ha
pulled the first penalty kick but it was
better not pull free of
as the song said who does not throw it
ninth place of player is measured to
other things certainly not from a kick
of rigor
unfortunately we are neither gregori but his
rigors arm are a lottery
sometimes it was born well
sometimes it went wrong we have
also saw a world penalties therefore
I think it's part of the sport
and we must accept it here we see it again
still beyond the winners of the years
previous
here it is, here it is, you don't do it to
to review
and I did n't mistake it
you wanted to remove that spider web
that was there at the intersection of the poles but
batistuta said that then he makes you a
corso su tells you gabriele and then one
he machine-gunner among co
but done extraordinary things not
only in the national team but also with yours
club a life in Milan
today it is increasingly difficult because there is
there are very few flags for us
different moments
because now there are many more
many more opportunities opportunities too
for the players themselves to change and to
make new experiences
then find a player who can
staying 15 20 years will always be a lot
it will be difficult to see one
other short, other players like
totti as maldini as me will be short
difficult I see the sly look of
I don't know if there are any questions
impertinent but one thing I want you
asking before you was rewarded
maldini who is preparing test tubes
become director of the technical area
of your Milan how you see it
this is the promotion of those who do not know
it's hard to talk about these things too
because now it seems that the waters have become
subsided
yes because it is important for the creed
for the team it is however worth the di
then serenity will be roles
added paolo was extraordinary
so as a player like girl like
so professional like companion
got to play with him grown up
with me then I wish to find him well
soon something in the world of football that
can contribute in the lobby
of famer there is adriano galliani was
defined the golden ball of the managers
even to carlo ancelotti but
defined the cristiano ronaldo dei
managers here is this combination with
Galliani for a player like you
flag player as it was but I believe
that
with Galliani there has always been a good one
relationship was extraordinary for everyone
we believe that when we played it is a
manager who talks about history
he won everything he was even
in successes in 27 years so I believe that
it is right that he too is part of
this of this great necklace by
champions of managers and players